AppSwitcher documentation improvement (#2669)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

## App switcher

> The app switcher is a drop-down list available in the top navigation bar. It allows you to switch between application elements displayed in the drop-down. To use it, you need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app switcher is a dropdown list available in the top navigation bar. It allows you to switch between application elements displayed in the dropdown. To use it, you need to:
```
